README.md, before:

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.4 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.16 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.16 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_cloudwatch_alarms"></a> [cloudwatch\_alarms](#module\_cloudwatch\_alarms) | terraform-aws-modules/cloudwatch/aws//wrappers/metric-alarm | ~> 5.4.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.aos](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_resource_policy.aos_log_publishing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_resource_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_service_linked_role.aos](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_service_linked_role) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_domain.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_domain) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_domain_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_domain_policy) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_domain_saml_options.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_domain_saml_options) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_vpc_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_vpc_endpoint) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.aos_access_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.aos_log_publishing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.combined](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |
| [aws_subnet.vpc_endpoint](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |
| [aws_vpc_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/vpc_endpoint) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | IAM policy document specifying the access policies for the domain | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_admin_identifiers"></a> [admin\_identifiers](#input\_admin\_identifiers) | Admin Identifiers to be allowed in the Access Policy of Opensearch Cluster | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "*"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_options"></a> [advanced\_options](#input\_advanced\_options) | Note that the values for these configuration options must be strings (wrapped in quotes) or they may be wrong and cause a perpetual diff, causing Terraform to want to recreate your OpenSearch domain on every apply. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_enabled"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_enabled](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_enabled) | Whether advanced security is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_alarm_actions"></a> [alarm\_actions](#input\_alarm\_actions) | The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an ALARM state from any other state. Each action is specified as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_alarm_overrides"></a> [alarm\_overrides](#input\_alarm\_overrides) | A map of overrides to apply to each alarm | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_anonymous_auth_enabled"></a> [anonymous\_auth\_enabled](#input\_anonymous\_auth\_enabled) | Whether Anonymous auth is enabled. Enables fine-grained access control on an existing domain. Ignored unless advanced\_security\_options are enabled. Can only be enabled on an existing domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_software_update_enabled"></a> [auto\_software\_update\_enabled](#input\_auto\_software\_update\_enabled) | Whether automatic service software updates are enabled for the domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_tune_desired_state"></a> [auto\_tune\_desired\_state](#input\_auto\_tune\_desired\_state) | The Auto-Tune desired state for the domain. Valid values: ENABLED or DISABLED | `string` | `"ENABLED"` | no |
| <a name="input_availability_zones"></a> [availability\_zones](#input\_availability\_zones) | The number of availability zones for the OpenSearch cluster. Valid values: 1, 2 or 3. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_days) | Cloudwatch log group retention period in days | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_cognito_identity_pool_id"></a> [cognito\_identity\_pool\_id](#input\_cognito\_identity\_pool\_id) | ID of the Cognito Identity Pool to use. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_cognito_role_arn"></a> [cognito\_role\_arn](#input\_cognito\_role\_arn) | ARN of the IAM role that has the AmazonOpenSearchServiceCognitoAccess policy attached. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_cognito_user_id_pool"></a> [cognito\_user\_id\_pool](#input\_cognito\_user\_id\_pool) | ID of the Cognito User Pool to use. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_cold_storage_enabled"></a> [cold\_storage\_enabled](#input\_cold\_storage\_enabled) | Enable cold storage. Master and ultrawarm nodes must be enabled for cold storage. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_alarms"></a> [create\_alarms](#input\_create\_alarms) | Whether to create default set of alarms | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_service_role"></a> [create\_service\_role](#input\_create\_service\_role) | Indicates whether to create the service-linked role. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/slr.html | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_vpc_endpoint"></a> [create\_vpc\_endpoint](#input\_create\_vpc\_endpoint) | Whether to create a VPC endpoint for the domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_endpoint"></a> [custom\_endpoint](#input\_custom\_endpoint) | Custom Endpoint URL | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_endpoint_certificate_arn"></a> [custom\_endpoint\_certificate\_arn](#input\_custom\_endpoint\_certificate\_arn) | Custom Endpoint Certificate ARN | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_endpoint_enabled"></a> [custom\_endpoint\_enabled](#input\_custom\_endpoint\_enabled) | custom endpoint enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_disabled_alarms"></a> [disabled\_alarms](#input\_disabled\_alarms) | List of IDs of alarms to disable | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | The name of the OpenSearch cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ebs_enabled"></a> [ebs\_enabled](#input\_ebs\_enabled) | Whether EBS volumes are attached to data nodes in the domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_gp3_throughput"></a> [ebs\_gp3\_throughput](#input\_ebs\_gp3\_throughput) | Specifies the throughput (in MiB/s) of the EBS volumes attached to data nodes. Applicable only for the gp3 volume type. Valid values are between 125 and 1000 | `number` | `125` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_iops"></a> [ebs\_iops](#input\_ebs\_iops) | Baseline input/output (I/O) performance of EBS volumes attached to data nodes. Applicable only for the GP3 and Provisioned IOPS EBS volume types | `number` | `3000` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_volume_size"></a> [ebs\_volume\_size](#input\_ebs\_volume\_size) | Size of EBS volumes attached to data nodes (in GiB) | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_volume_type"></a> [ebs\_volume\_type](#input\_ebs\_volume\_type) | Type of EBS volumes attached to data nodes | `string` | `"gp3"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_cognito"></a> [enable\_cognito](#input\_enable\_cognito) | Whether Amazon Cognito authentication with Dashboard is enabled or not. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_off_peak_window_options"></a> [enable\_off\_peak\_window\_options](#input\_enable\_off\_peak\_window\_options) | Enabled disabled toggle for off-peak update window | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_at_rest_enabled"></a> [encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled](#input\_encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled) | Enable encrypt at rest. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_kms_key_id"></a> [encrypt\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_encrypt\_kms\_key\_id) | The KMS key ID to encrypt the OpenSearch cluster with. If not specified, then it defaults to using the AWS OpenSearch Service KMS key. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_engine_version"></a> [engine\_version](#input\_engine\_version) | Specify the engine version for the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain | `string` | `"OpenSearch_1.3"` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_count"></a> [instance\_count](#input\_instance\_count) | The number of dedicated hot nodes in the cluster. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type) | The type of EC2 instances to run for each hot node. A list of available instance types can you find at https://aws.amazon.com/en/opensearch-service/pricing/#On-Demand_instance_pricing | `string` | `"t3.small.search"` | no |
| <a name="input_internal_user_database_enabled"></a> [internal\_user\_database\_enabled](#input\_internal\_user\_database\_enabled) | Whether the internal user database is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_log_publishing_options"></a> [log\_publishing\_options](#input\_log\_publishing\_options) | Configuration block for publishing slow and application logs to CloudWatch Logs. | <pre>map(object({<br>    enabled                  = optional(bool, true)<br>    cloudwatch_log_group_arn = optional(string, "")<br>  }))</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "audit_logs": {<br>    "enabled": false<br>  },<br>  "index_slow_logs": {<br>    "enabled": true<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_maintenance_schedule"></a> [maintenance\_schedule](#input\_maintenance\_schedule) | configuration for auto tune maintenance schedule | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_master_instance_count"></a> [master\_instance\_count](#input\_master\_instance\_count) | The number of dedicated master nodes in the cluster. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_master_instance_enabled"></a> [master\_instance\_enabled](#input\_master\_instance\_enabled) | Indicates whether dedicated master nodes are enabled for the cluster. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_master_instance_type"></a> [master\_instance\_type](#input\_master\_instance\_type) | The type of EC2 instances to run for each master node. A list of available instance types can you find at https://aws.amazon.com/en/opensearch-service/pricing/#On-Demand_instance_pricing | `string` | `"t3.small.search"` | no |
| <a name="input_master_user_arn"></a> [master\_user\_arn](#input\_master\_user\_arn) | The ARN for the master user of the cluster. If not specified, then it defaults to using the IAM user that is making the request. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_master_user_name"></a> [master\_user\_name](#input\_master\_user\_name) | Main user's username, which is stored in the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain's internal database | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_master_user_password"></a> [master\_user\_password](#input\_master\_user\_password) | Main user's password, which is stored in the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain's internal database | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_node_to_node_encryption_enabled"></a> [node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled](#input\_node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled) | Enable node-to-node encryption. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_off_peak_window_options"></a> [off\_peak\_window\_options](#input\_off\_peak\_window\_options) | Configuration for off peak window | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br>  "hours": 14,<br>  "minutes": 0<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_rollback_on_disable"></a> [rollback\_on\_disable](#input\_rollback\_on\_disable) | whether to roll back auto tune if auto tune is disabled | `string` | `"NO_ROLLBACK"` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_enabled"></a> [saml\_enabled](#input\_saml\_enabled) | Whether SAML authentication is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_entity_id"></a> [saml\_entity\_id](#input\_saml\_entity\_id) | The unique Entity ID of the application in SAML Identity Provider. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_master_backend_role"></a> [saml\_master\_backend\_role](#input\_saml\_master\_backend\_role) | This backend role receives full permissions to the cluster, equivalent to a new master role, but can only use those permissions within Dashboards. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_master_user_name"></a> [saml\_master\_user\_name](#input\_saml\_master\_user\_name) | This username receives full permissions to the cluster, equivalent to a new master user, but can only use those permissions within Dashboards. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_metadata_content"></a> [saml\_metadata\_content](#input\_saml\_metadata\_content) | The metadata of the SAML application in xml format. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_options_enabled"></a> [saml\_options\_enabled](#input\_saml\_options\_enabled) | Whether SAML authentication options for an AWS OpenSearch Domain is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_roles_key"></a> [saml\_roles\_key](#input\_saml\_roles\_key) | Element of the SAML assertion to use for backend roles. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_session_timeout"></a> [saml\_session\_timeout](#input\_saml\_session\_timeout) | Duration of a session in minutes after a user logs in. Default is 60. Maximum value is 1,440. | `number` | `60` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_subject_key"></a> [saml\_subject\_key](#input\_saml\_subject\_key) | Element of the SAML assertion to use for username. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | List of VPC Security Group IDs to be applied to the OpenSearch domain endpoints. If omitted, the default Security Group for the VPC will be used | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | List of VPC Subnet IDs for the OpenSearch domain endpoints to be created in | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_endpoint_security_group_ids"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_security\_group\_ids](#input\_vpc\_endpoint\_security\_group\_ids) | Security group IDs to use for VPC endpoint | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_endpoint_subnet_ids"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_subnet\_ids](#input\_vpc\_endpoint\_subnet\_ids) | Subnet IDs to use for VPC endpoint | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_warm_instance_count"></a> [warm\_instance\_count](#input\_warm\_instance\_count) | The number of dedicated warm nodes in the cluster. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_warm_instance_enabled"></a> [warm\_instance\_enabled](#input\_warm\_instance\_enabled) | Indicates whether ultrawarm nodes are enabled for the cluster. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_warm_instance_type"></a> [warm\_instance\_type](#input\_warm\_instance\_type) | The type of EC2 instances to run for each warm node. A list of available instance types can you find at https://aws.amazon.com/en/elasticsearch-service/pricing/#UltraWarm_pricing | `string` | `"ultrawarm1.medium.search"` | no |
| <a name="input_whitelist_ips"></a> [whitelist\_ips](#input\_whitelist\_ips) | Whitelisted client ip address to access. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_domain_arn"></a> [domain\_arn](#output\_domain\_arn) | ARN of the OpenSearch Cluster |
| <a name="output_domain_endpoint"></a> [domain\_endpoint](#output\_domain\_endpoint) | Domain-specific endpoint used to submit index, search, and data upload requests |
| <a name="output_domain_id"></a> [domain\_id](#output\_domain\_id) | Unique identifier for the Cluster |
| <a name="output_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#output\_domain\_name) | Name of the OpenSearch Cluster |
| <a name="output_vpc_endpoint_dns_names"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_dns\_names](#output\_vpc\_endpoint\_dns\_names) | VPC endpoint DNS names |
| <a name="output_vpc_endpoint_endpoint"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_endpoint](#output\_vpc\_endpoint\_endpoint) | The connection endpoint ID for connecting to the domain |
| <a name="output_vpc_endpoint_id"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_id](#output\_vpc\_endpoint\_id) | The unique identifier of the endpoint |

Commit message:

feat: cloudwatch alarms ok and insufficient_data state actions (#56)

README.md, after:

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.4 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.16 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.16 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_cloudwatch_alarms"></a> [cloudwatch\_alarms](#module\_cloudwatch\_alarms) | terraform-aws-modules/cloudwatch/aws//wrappers/metric-alarm | ~> 5.4.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_group.aos](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_group) | resource |
| [aws_cloudwatch_log_resource_policy.aos_log_publishing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudwatch_log_resource_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_service_linked_role.aos](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_service_linked_role) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_domain.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_domain) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_domain_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_domain_policy) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_domain_saml_options.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_domain_saml_options) | resource |
| [aws_opensearch_vpc_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearch_vpc_endpoint) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.aos_access_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.aos_log_publishing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.combined](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |
| [aws_subnet.vpc_endpoint](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |
| [aws_vpc_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/vpc_endpoint) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_policies"></a> [access\_policies](#input\_access\_policies) | IAM policy document specifying the access policies for the domain | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_admin_identifiers"></a> [admin\_identifiers](#input\_admin\_identifiers) | Admin Identifiers to be allowed in the Access Policy of Opensearch Cluster | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "*"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_options"></a> [advanced\_options](#input\_advanced\_options) | Note that the values for these configuration options must be strings (wrapped in quotes) or they may be wrong and cause a perpetual diff, causing Terraform to want to recreate your OpenSearch domain on every apply. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_advanced_security_options_enabled"></a> [advanced\_security\_options\_enabled](#input\_advanced\_security\_options\_enabled) | Whether advanced security is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_alarm_actions"></a> [alarm\_actions](#input\_alarm\_actions) | The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an ALARM state from any other state. Each action is specified as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_alarm_overrides"></a> [alarm\_overrides](#input\_alarm\_overrides) | A map of overrides to apply to each alarm | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_anonymous_auth_enabled"></a> [anonymous\_auth\_enabled](#input\_anonymous\_auth\_enabled) | Whether Anonymous auth is enabled. Enables fine-grained access control on an existing domain. Ignored unless advanced\_security\_options are enabled. Can only be enabled on an existing domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_software_update_enabled"></a> [auto\_software\_update\_enabled](#input\_auto\_software\_update\_enabled) | Whether automatic service software updates are enabled for the domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_tune_desired_state"></a> [auto\_tune\_desired\_state](#input\_auto\_tune\_desired\_state) | The Auto-Tune desired state for the domain. Valid values: ENABLED or DISABLED | `string` | `"ENABLED"` | no |
| <a name="input_availability_zones"></a> [availability\_zones](#input\_availability\_zones) | The number of availability zones for the OpenSearch cluster. Valid values: 1, 2 or 3. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_cloudwatch_log_group_retention_days"></a> [cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_days](#input\_cloudwatch\_log\_group\_retention\_days) | Cloudwatch log group retention period in days | `number` | `7` | no |
| <a name="input_cognito_identity_pool_id"></a> [cognito\_identity\_pool\_id](#input\_cognito\_identity\_pool\_id) | ID of the Cognito Identity Pool to use. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_cognito_role_arn"></a> [cognito\_role\_arn](#input\_cognito\_role\_arn) | ARN of the IAM role that has the AmazonOpenSearchServiceCognitoAccess policy attached. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_cognito_user_id_pool"></a> [cognito\_user\_id\_pool](#input\_cognito\_user\_id\_pool) | ID of the Cognito User Pool to use. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_cold_storage_enabled"></a> [cold\_storage\_enabled](#input\_cold\_storage\_enabled) | Enable cold storage. Master and ultrawarm nodes must be enabled for cold storage. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_alarms"></a> [create\_alarms](#input\_create\_alarms) | Whether to create default set of alarms | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_service_role"></a> [create\_service\_role](#input\_create\_service\_role) | Indicates whether to create the service-linked role. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/slr.html | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_vpc_endpoint"></a> [create\_vpc\_endpoint](#input\_create\_vpc\_endpoint) | Whether to create a VPC endpoint for the domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_endpoint"></a> [custom\_endpoint](#input\_custom\_endpoint) | Custom Endpoint URL | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_endpoint_certificate_arn"></a> [custom\_endpoint\_certificate\_arn](#input\_custom\_endpoint\_certificate\_arn) | Custom Endpoint Certificate ARN | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_endpoint_enabled"></a> [custom\_endpoint\_enabled](#input\_custom\_endpoint\_enabled) | custom endpoint enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_disabled_alarms"></a> [disabled\_alarms](#input\_disabled\_alarms) | List of IDs of alarms to disable | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | The name of the OpenSearch cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ebs_enabled"></a> [ebs\_enabled](#input\_ebs\_enabled) | Whether EBS volumes are attached to data nodes in the domain | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_gp3_throughput"></a> [ebs\_gp3\_throughput](#input\_ebs\_gp3\_throughput) | Specifies the throughput (in MiB/s) of the EBS volumes attached to data nodes. Applicable only for the gp3 volume type. Valid values are between 125 and 1000 | `number` | `125` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_iops"></a> [ebs\_iops](#input\_ebs\_iops) | Baseline input/output (I/O) performance of EBS volumes attached to data nodes. Applicable only for the GP3 and Provisioned IOPS EBS volume types | `number` | `3000` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_volume_size"></a> [ebs\_volume\_size](#input\_ebs\_volume\_size) | Size of EBS volumes attached to data nodes (in GiB) | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_ebs_volume_type"></a> [ebs\_volume\_type](#input\_ebs\_volume\_type) | Type of EBS volumes attached to data nodes | `string` | `"gp3"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_cognito"></a> [enable\_cognito](#input\_enable\_cognito) | Whether Amazon Cognito authentication with Dashboard is enabled or not. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_off_peak_window_options"></a> [enable\_off\_peak\_window\_options](#input\_enable\_off\_peak\_window\_options) | Enabled disabled toggle for off-peak update window | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_at_rest_enabled"></a> [encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled](#input\_encrypt\_at\_rest\_enabled) | Enable encrypt at rest. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_encrypt_kms_key_id"></a> [encrypt\_kms\_key\_id](#input\_encrypt\_kms\_key\_id) | The KMS key ID to encrypt the OpenSearch cluster with. If not specified, then it defaults to using the AWS OpenSearch Service KMS key. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_engine_version"></a> [engine\_version](#input\_engine\_version) | Specify the engine version for the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain | `string` | `"OpenSearch_1.3"` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_count"></a> [instance\_count](#input\_instance\_count) | The number of dedicated hot nodes in the cluster. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type) | The type of EC2 instances to run for each hot node. A list of available instance types can you find at https://aws.amazon.com/en/opensearch-service/pricing/#On-Demand_instance_pricing | `string` | `"t3.small.search"` | no |
| <a name="input_insufficient_data_actions"></a> [insufficient\_data\_actions](#input\_insufficient\_data\_actions) | The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an INSUFFICIENT\_DATA state from any other state | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_internal_user_database_enabled"></a> [internal\_user\_database\_enabled](#input\_internal\_user\_database\_enabled) | Whether the internal user database is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_log_publishing_options"></a> [log\_publishing\_options](#input\_log\_publishing\_options) | Configuration block for publishing slow and application logs to CloudWatch Logs. | <pre>map(object({<br/>    enabled                  = optional(bool, true)<br/>    cloudwatch_log_group_arn = optional(string, "")<br/>  }))</pre> | <pre>{<br/>  "audit_logs": {<br/>    "enabled": false<br/>  },<br/>  "index_slow_logs": {<br/>    "enabled": true<br/>  }<br/>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_maintenance_schedule"></a> [maintenance\_schedule](#input\_maintenance\_schedule) | configuration for auto tune maintenance schedule | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_master_instance_count"></a> [master\_instance\_count](#input\_master\_instance\_count) | The number of dedicated master nodes in the cluster. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_master_instance_enabled"></a> [master\_instance\_enabled](#input\_master\_instance\_enabled) | Indicates whether dedicated master nodes are enabled for the cluster. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_master_instance_type"></a> [master\_instance\_type](#input\_master\_instance\_type) | The type of EC2 instances to run for each master node. A list of available instance types can you find at https://aws.amazon.com/en/opensearch-service/pricing/#On-Demand_instance_pricing | `string` | `"t3.small.search"` | no |
| <a name="input_master_user_arn"></a> [master\_user\_arn](#input\_master\_user\_arn) | The ARN for the master user of the cluster. If not specified, then it defaults to using the IAM user that is making the request. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_master_user_name"></a> [master\_user\_name](#input\_master\_user\_name) | Main user's username, which is stored in the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain's internal database | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_master_user_password"></a> [master\_user\_password](#input\_master\_user\_password) | Main user's password, which is stored in the Amazon OpenSearch Service domain's internal database | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_node_to_node_encryption_enabled"></a> [node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled](#input\_node\_to\_node\_encryption\_enabled) | Enable node-to-node encryption. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_off_peak_window_options"></a> [off\_peak\_window\_options](#input\_off\_peak\_window\_options) | Configuration for off peak window | `map(any)` | <pre>{<br/>  "hours": 14,<br/>  "minutes": 0<br/>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_ok_actions"></a> [ok\_actions](#input\_ok\_actions) | The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an OK state from any other state | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_rollback_on_disable"></a> [rollback\_on\_disable](#input\_rollback\_on\_disable) | whether to roll back auto tune if auto tune is disabled | `string` | `"NO_ROLLBACK"` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_enabled"></a> [saml\_enabled](#input\_saml\_enabled) | Whether SAML authentication is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_entity_id"></a> [saml\_entity\_id](#input\_saml\_entity\_id) | The unique Entity ID of the application in SAML Identity Provider. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_master_backend_role"></a> [saml\_master\_backend\_role](#input\_saml\_master\_backend\_role) | This backend role receives full permissions to the cluster, equivalent to a new master role, but can only use those permissions within Dashboards. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_master_user_name"></a> [saml\_master\_user\_name](#input\_saml\_master\_user\_name) | This username receives full permissions to the cluster, equivalent to a new master user, but can only use those permissions within Dashboards. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_metadata_content"></a> [saml\_metadata\_content](#input\_saml\_metadata\_content) | The metadata of the SAML application in xml format. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_options_enabled"></a> [saml\_options\_enabled](#input\_saml\_options\_enabled) | Whether SAML authentication options for an AWS OpenSearch Domain is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_roles_key"></a> [saml\_roles\_key](#input\_saml\_roles\_key) | Element of the SAML assertion to use for backend roles. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_session_timeout"></a> [saml\_session\_timeout](#input\_saml\_session\_timeout) | Duration of a session in minutes after a user logs in. Default is 60. Maximum value is 1,440. | `number` | `60` | no |
| <a name="input_saml_subject_key"></a> [saml\_subject\_key](#input\_saml\_subject\_key) | Element of the SAML assertion to use for username. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | List of VPC Security Group IDs to be applied to the OpenSearch domain endpoints. If omitted, the default Security Group for the VPC will be used | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | List of VPC Subnet IDs for the OpenSearch domain endpoints to be created in | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_endpoint_security_group_ids"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_security\_group\_ids](#input\_vpc\_endpoint\_security\_group\_ids) | Security group IDs to use for VPC endpoint | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_endpoint_subnet_ids"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_subnet\_ids](#input\_vpc\_endpoint\_subnet\_ids) | Subnet IDs to use for VPC endpoint | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_warm_instance_count"></a> [warm\_instance\_count](#input\_warm\_instance\_count) | The number of dedicated warm nodes in the cluster. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_warm_instance_enabled"></a> [warm\_instance\_enabled](#input\_warm\_instance\_enabled) | Indicates whether ultrawarm nodes are enabled for the cluster. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_warm_instance_type"></a> [warm\_instance\_type](#input\_warm\_instance\_type) | The type of EC2 instances to run for each warm node. A list of available instance types can you find at https://aws.amazon.com/en/elasticsearch-service/pricing/#UltraWarm_pricing | `string` | `"ultrawarm1.medium.search"` | no |
| <a name="input_whitelist_ips"></a> [whitelist\_ips](#input\_whitelist\_ips) | Whitelisted client ip address to access. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_domain_arn"></a> [domain\_arn](#output\_domain\_arn) | ARN of the OpenSearch Cluster |
| <a name="output_domain_endpoint"></a> [domain\_endpoint](#output\_domain\_endpoint) | Domain-specific endpoint used to submit index, search, and data upload requests |
| <a name="output_domain_id"></a> [domain\_id](#output\_domain\_id) | Unique identifier for the Cluster |
| <a name="output_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#output\_domain\_name) | Name of the OpenSearch Cluster |
| <a name="output_vpc_endpoint_dns_names"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_dns\_names](#output\_vpc\_endpoint\_dns\_names) | VPC endpoint DNS names |
| <a name="output_vpc_endpoint_endpoint"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_endpoint](#output\_vpc\_endpoint\_endpoint) | The connection endpoint ID for connecting to the domain |
| <a name="output_vpc_endpoint_id"></a> [vpc\_endpoint\_id](#output\_vpc\_endpoint\_id) | The unique identifier of the endpoint |
